---
comments: true
date: 2008-10-05 12:52:03
layout: post
slug: homecoming-08
title: Homecoming '08
wordpress_id: 62
---




So, I'm sure some of you heard me say that I wasn't going to homecoming. Well, what I meant by that was that I wasn't going _alone_. Lo and behold, come Friday evening it was determined that I would be going to the dance with Katie. Unfortunately, there was much to do! I spent my Saturday morning buying a shirt and tie, cleaning of my dress shoes (which are unfortunately also my marching shoes), finding fitting pants, and raising funds. All in all, I think I managed to pull it all together in a presentable fashion.


I really needed a haircut but was afraid to get one because I never like the way my hair looks after a haircut. Also, I hate pictures. I can find something wrong with how I look in any picture. Whatever. Katie looked awfully nice, no? After we took some pictures at her house, we went to Rachel's house for group pictures. None of our parents were there to take pictures, but if I can get my hands on some I'll throw them up here. We hung out at Rachel's house for a while and went to [Houlihan's](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houlihan's) for dinner. Fun and good times were had by all.

After dinner was the dance. Not much to say about that; a dance is a dance, no? The decorating was kind of lame in the gym, but no one could see it anyways, so no worries. Listening to all the popular songs they played made me keep thinking about how funny it would be to see people trying to dance to metal. It wouldn't work so well.

It was a fun night, and I'm glad I ended up going. Dances are _much_ better when you aren't by yourself.


