---
comments: true
date: 2008-07-27 16:48:18
layout: post
slug: x3fs-future
title: X3F's future?
wordpress_id: 97
categories:
- From the Internets
---

[AOL Makes Big Budget Cuts Across Blogs (Updated)](http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/07/24/aol-makes-big-budget-cuts-across-blogs/) by Michael Arrington




 




So, if you know me, you know that I am an incredible video game nerd. My chosen site for my news is Xbox 360 Fanboy. I plug for them all the time. I really like the site. Anyways, I don't really think that anyone who reads this will care, but something is afoot at aforementioned site. Here's a quote from that article:




> 

> 
> "I don’t know what’s going on with Engadget and co., or the lifestyle blogs, but the gaming bloggers were told yesterday to STOP ALL POSTING. Now, after the network bosses went into the fray, our two biggest sites are cleared, but the rest of the sites are working on a 5 posts/day deal, so long as those aren’t written by international bloggers, but only US writers. Anything above and beyond that is unpaid and will be written under a staff account. Nearly everyone has agreed to post for free, including columnists, in the hopes that we will all still have jobs come August 1, when they’re telling us we’ll be back — just on a smaller budget.

> 
> Of course, we’re all speculating that this means there’s definitely a deal in the works, because there doesn’t seem to be any reason for AOL to kill the properties when the Joystiq Network was enjoying the biggest traffic month in its history. Either they’re selling us, or selling out completely, because they don’t care. If we didn’t have so many people who considered the job a labor of love, all the gaming network blogs would die. 

> 
> Don’t know if any of this is usable, but I’d like to see the information out there if possible, because what AOL is putting us through is simply ludicrous."




What's going on? Who knows? As long as everyone stays on the podcast, I'll be happy...
