---
comments: true
date: 2008-12-01 17:08:15
layout: post
slug: alfred-m-greens-speech
title: Alfred M. Green's Speech
wordpress_id: 52
categories:
- My Works
---

_Alfred M. Green delivered [the following speech](http://www.collegeboard.com/prod_downloads/ap/students/english/eng_lang_frq_03.pdf) in Philadelphia in April 1861, the first month of [the Civil War](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Civil_War). African Americans were not yet permitted to join the Union army, but Green felt that they should strive to be admitted to the ranks and prepare to enlist. Read the speech carefully. Then write an essay in which you analyze the methods that Green uses to persuade his fellow African Americans to join the Union forces._

During the Civil War, the United States of America was a rather improper term for the country. Divided by color, region, gender, and economy, the country was less united than it had ever been. To reunite itself as a country would not only require uniting two regions together, but also uniting two races together with one common goal. One step towards this unity could be accomplished by having African Americans serve in the Union army; however, they were reluctant to fight for the ability to do this. To persuade his fellow African Americans to join the Union forces, Green acknowledges that they have been wronged by the Union, asserts that serving will secure them a better place, and portrays the Union’s cause as righteous. 

Green faces a significant challenge in trying to convince his fellow African Americans to join the Union forces: the very country he is asking them to protect has wronged them. By acknowledging this, Green uses it to help him persuade his audience. Green makes a point of saying, "It is true, the brave deeds of our fathers... have failed to bring us into recognition as citizens," (9-13). Green points out that the black’s sacrifices and heroics still haven’t earned them their rights; ignoring this would dangerously weaken his argument, and by acknowledging it he builds up his credibility amongst his audience and sets him up to, in the future, refute the belief that this fact should stop blacks from attempting to join the Union force. Additionally, in lines 15 to 18, he lists examples of injuries that blacks have suffered in the Union. He uses specific examples to build his credibility with the audience by showing that he is familiar with their struggle. Finally, Green says, "The result of the most unfair rules of judicial investigation has been the pay we have received for our solicitude, sympathy and aid in the dangers and difficulties of those ‘days that tried men’s souls,’" (18-22). Here Green speaks of the unfairness of how this has turned out for the backs, again building his credibility with them as shows that he understands how they feel; he specifically says "days that tried men’s souls" to make the conflicts that the blacks served in in the past seem epic and legendary, another attempt to build his credibility with the audience as he shows them how much he appreciates their contributions in the past. Having shown the audience that he knows where they are coming from, he must now convince them that these wrongs should not stop them from joining the Union army.

Despite being mistreated by the Union in the past, Green stresses that African Americans serving in the Union forces will secure them a better place in the future. He starts off by saying, "Our duty, brethren, is not to cavil over past grievances. Let us not derelict to in duty in the time of need," (23-25). He encourages blacks to ignore the wrongs committed in the past and perform their duty to serve now; doing so will prove the honor of their race and help them secure a better place in the future. He continues by saying "Let us endeavor to hope for the future and improve the present auspicious moment for creating anew our claims upon the justice and honor of the Republic," (30-33). Green’s meaning here is unmistakable: even though blacks have been mistreated, they must forgive this for now so that they can secure their position in the future. Finally, Green says, "Let not the honor and glory achieved by our fathers be blasted or sullied by a want of true heroism among their sons," (33-35). Here Green invokes the audience’s respect for their family; he is saying that their ancestors have built a good reputation, and if his race wishes to advance in society they must make sure to preserve and build upon this reputation.

Green’s final method to persuade his fellow African Americans to join the Union forces is to portray the Union cause as righteous. He first does this by mentioning God in lines 36 and 49 and saying that the Union army is God’s army. To the audience members, it would be impossible to not think highly of a cause that was supported by God; in this way, Green encourages his fellow blacks to join the forces. Additionally, Green says that the "war cry" of the Union’s enemies is, "Let us drive back at the advance guard of civil and religious freedom; let us have more slave territory; let us build stronger the tyrant system of slavery in the great American Republic," (41-45). Green says that the Confederacy is supporting things that obviously no one in his audience will agree with; by vilifying the Union’s enemy, he further makes it out to be righteous for opposing such an evil. Lastly, Green says, "Your very presence among the troops of the North would inspire your oppressed brethren of the South with zeal... and confidence," (45-48). After talking of the sufferings of the Northern blacks, Green mentions that joining the Union forces will help the Southern blacks, who are enduring hardships far worse than those of the Northern blacks. This would invigorate his audience, making them want to help their brethren and further amplifying the righteousness of the Union’s cause. With this final method of persuasion, Green has created a compelling argument for his audience.

Green acknowledging that his fellow African Americans have been wronged by the Union, asserting that serving will secure them a better place, and portraying the Union’s cause as righteous are the methods of persuasion that he uses to persuade his fellow African Americans to join the Union forces. Convincing African Americans and whites to work together in the Union forces was one step toward unity. This step was followed by others, and ultimately these steps saved the Union and made the United States of America live up to its name.
