---
comments: true
date: 2008-05-04 21:29:48
layout: post
slug: survey
title: Survey
wordpress_id: 167
---

Out of boredom and in commemoration of Katie actually putting something on her space (gasp!), I suppose I'll take [her survey](http://cid-5efe16af4fb813fd.spaces.live.com/blog/cns!5EFE16AF4FB813FD!126.entry).  
   
1] How did your day start off?  
Well.




2] When's the next time you will see the person you like?  
There's no one to see.




3] When's the next time you will see the person who absolutely takes your breath away?  
There's no one to see.




4] Are you waiting for something?  
Yes.




5] Last text message you received?  
Probably one from a couple years ago when I still had texting that was from a wrong number.




6] Last MySpace message you received?  
I don't have a MySpace.




7] Does anyone hate you?  
I don't think so, but I wouldn't be surprised.




8] Where are your siblings?  
He is in the next room.




9] Who texted you the most today?  
I recieved no texts.




10] Are you happy with life?  
No, I'm still waiting for it to get better.




11] Have you ever read an entire book in one day?  
I think so.




12] Do you believe everyone deserves a second chance?  
In most situations, yes.




13] Could you cry right now?  
If I wanted to I suppose I could.




14] Are you a jealous person?  
At times.




15] If you could have one person with you right now, who would it be?  
I honestly dont know.




16] Do you miss anyone?  
Yeah, I suppose so.




17] Do you get 8 hours of sleep everyday?  
No.




18] Do you hate the last guy you had a conversation with?  
Why is this gender specific? And no.




19] Is there anyone who understands your relationship status?  
Not fully, but it's not very interesting either.




20] Is there something you always wear?  
No, although I'm usually seen in a polo and various other clothes.




21] Have you ever thought about converting your religion?  
Yeah, but not very seriously.




22] What are you going to do after this?  
Homework or waste time.




23] How's the weather today?  
It's nice.




24] Is it spring break?  
No.




25] What time is it?  
9:18 P.M.




26] Do you think you will be in a relationship 3 months from now?  
No.




27] When's the next time you'll see your closest friends?  
Tomorrow.




28] What were you doing this morning at 7am?  
Sleeping.




29] What radio station do you listen to the most?  
95.1 Will rock




30] Where is your father?  
In the room next door.




31] What are you listening to?  
The hum of my laptop's fans.




32] Is there anything you are craving right now?  
I suppose sleep.




33] In the past 72 hours have you been under the influence?  
No.




34] What do you need to be doing right now?  
Homework.




35] Who do you hate?  
Eh, no one really.




36] What do you wear to bed?  
Boxers and shorts or a t-shirt.




37] Has anyone got on your nerves lately?  
Yes, and that should be "gotten".




38] Do you think you'll be married in 10 years?  
No.




39] What were you doing at 6pm Saturday night?  
I was bitching about having to wear khakis instead of jeans.




40] Do you know anyone with the same name as you?  
Yes.




41] Do you text during class?  
No.




42] Do you like your significant other's friends?  
Don't have one.




43] Who is the weirdest kid in your period 5 class?  
I think that is a rather rude thing to say, so I will keep that to myself.




44] How do you like your popcorn?  
Buttered and not burnt.




45] Do you get along with your significant other's siblings?  
Don't have one.




46] What about their parents?  
Don't have one.




47] Do you shop at Hollister?  
No.




48] What about Spencer's?  
No.




50] What feeling do you have right now?  
General depression. I want to go to sleep and hide from the world. I ought to be okay by tomorrow. This question really ought to've been first, it explains a lot of my answers.




 




So I realize this is a little more MySpace-y than I'd normally venture, but, hey, I'm allowed to indulge in a little popular culture every once in a while too, right?  

