---
comments: true
date: 2011-01-27 17:00:43
layout: post
slug: monikers
title: Monikers
wordpress_id: 376
---

I started going by variations of "Couch Potato" back around the start of middle school. Back then, everyone's email address or username was BaSeBaLlxLuV or cutiekat974 or some crap like that. I didn't have any hobbies I wanted to wear on my sleeves, didn't want a username with my name in it, and wasn't clever enough to come up with something cute or funny, so I ended up with "CouchPotato66" as my first email address. After all, if everyone else wants to talk about how they love running or whatever, why not set myself up on the opposite end of the spectrum?

As time went on, everyone else shed their childish screen names, changing whenever it caught their fancy and in the process growing up a bit. However, I wanted a bit more of a persistent presence; as I joined various internet communities, I kept my comfortable username in that hope and also because I was too lazy to come up with something new. Even this goal was not met, though; couch potato is not the most original username to appear on the internet, so the appended numbers changed whenever necessary, including 66, 99, 6699, and 990, for no particular reason. This hodge-podge of usernames has continued to serve me until today, even though I don't particularly think of myself as a couch potato; sure, I'm nerdy and out of shape, and potatoes are pretty cool, too, but I hardly watch enough TV to be considered a couch potato, and even my gaming is done in a desk chair!

Which brings us to today. I feel stuck with a relic from the past, and I'm thinking it's time for a change. Isn't college all about reinventing yourself, anyways? Listening to MBMBaM and hearing the clever names has also made me think of my username. The hard part isn't working up the desire to change my usernames, it's coming up with the new username. First off, I don't know how I should treat my online self; I think of the developers and bloggers who maintain an online presence, and I wonder if I should consider my online presence in that manner. Will someday strangers be interested in what I tweet or post to youtube or say in a forum? And if that is the case, will I want my true identity to be known? Or, on the other hand, will my various accounts continue to be monitored solely by my friends who I've met in the physical world?

Even if I knew how to think of my internet selves, I still need to come up with usernames. Whatever I come up with would have to be timeless, since I'm not one to want to deal with switching it often. Whatever I come up with would have to be relatively unique in order for it to be available across the vast internet.

I could come up with a username based off my actual name. You never outgrow your name, so this would indeed be timeless. Unfortunately, usernames based off of real names ("SASheldon", anyone?) are boring and seem slightly cold, and with a name as common as mine are quite likely to be taken. These names also aren't the best if you want to keep your real identity separate from your online presence. I could come up with something loosely based off of my name, something that wouldn't obviously be my name and would be meaningless, but those that actually know me would still understand how it came about and could associate it with me.

Or perhaps a better username would be something not based off of my identity, but something memorable nonetheless. It'd have to be meaningless so I could be sure to never outgrow it. It could be some innocuous, punny name, but it'd have to be clever for reasons I'd always appreciate. It'd need to be something I wouldn't be embarrassed to tell people. The point of a name like this isn't to represent you as a person, but simply to easy to remember and share while still being unique enough to be available. For example, I have a friend who's considering changing his gamertag to "Brotein Shake"; a simple, cheap little pun that would be instantly recognizable. (It doesn't quite fit my criteria, though - I'm not sure if bro jokes are timeless, and I'd wonder if people would assume that user is a bro or a body-builder. As you can likely tell, this decision is such a pain because I'm crazy).

Decisions aren't something I'm particularly good at.
